Add .Net SDK link (#413)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/getting-started/tools/index.md

  scenarios. You can also use multiple browsers to have different browser extension version
  installed to compare them.
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) - required for server development only

> - [Dotnet SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) - v8.x required for server development on some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [.NET SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) - required for server and other backend development
```

Reviewer: Likely needs a split line.

Author: It did. This was auto-resolved when I took the suggestion.
